Update documentation and modify e2e-deploy script to work on mac (#1643)
project-koku/koku: docs/source/openshift.rst

In order to access RHEL images for building Koku, you must configure `Red Hat Registry Authentication`_.

Running locally in OpenShift using e2e-deploy
---------------------------------------------
The script ``scripts/e2e-deploy.sh`` handles setup and configuration of `crc`_ or OKD 3.11, including `Red Hat Registry Authentication`_. To use the script, complete the following steps.

1. First, make sure that you have cloned and followed the setup instructions of the following repos::

    - https://github.com/project-koku/koku
    - https://github.com/RedHatInsights/e2e-deploy

>     - https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/insights-qe/iqe-tests.git

Author: They were already listed in the script [here](https://github.com/project-koku/koku/blob/master/scripts/e2e-deploy.sh#L32) which is public - but I get that people are more likely to see/read docs. @chambridge thoughts?

2. Next, make sure that you have the following tools installed::

    - oc
    - ocdeployer
    - iqe
    - python
    - base64

3. Finally, either export the following environment variables or add them to a .env file and enter the IQE virtual environment::

    OPENSHIFT_API_URL=CRC_OR_OKD_API_URL
    REGISTRY_REDHAT_IO_SECRETS=PATH_TO_RH_REGISTRY_YAML
    E2E_REPO=PATH_TO_LOCAL_E2E_REPO

> **Note:**  If you're using crc the ``OPENSHIFT_API_URL`` will be ``https://api.crc.testing:6443`` and if you're using OKD 3.11 it will be ``https://127.0.0.1:8443/``. The ``REGISTRY_REDHAT_IO_SECRETS`` will be the path to the  file distributed by https://access.redhat.com/terms-based-registry. If your account does not have access to the content, you should file an issue with https://redhat.service-now.com/help and reach out to a teammate to share the file so that you are unblocked.

Reviewer: This is worded in a very RH-specific way. Can you try to reword that last sentence in a way that avoids implying, "You must be a RH employee to contribute"?

```suggestion
If you do not have access to some of the repositories or resources discussed in this document, please contact a member of the Koku development team. Some resources mentioned are internal to Red Hat Associates. If you are unable to access those resources, we will work with you to identify suitable alternatives.
```

> 4. Now that you are inside of the IQE virtual environment, change directories to the scripts folder inside of the koku repo (``koku/scripts``). Make sure that you have initiated a bare bones OpenShift cluster (``oc cluster up`` if you are using OKD 3.11) and then run the e2e-deploy script. This will set up your secrets in the secrets project, pull down and build the required images for koku, and deploy the project.

Reviewer: I'd like to suggest tightening up the language a bit by removing some of the directional metaphors that doesn't translate well for non-native English speakers. Also, I'm removing the call-out for okd 3.11 in favor of just saying that we expect you to have a running cluster.

```suggestion
4. Once the IQE virtual environment is activated, change directories to the scripts folder inside of the koku repo (``koku/scripts``). Make sure that you have a running OpenShift cluster before proceeding. The setup script handles all configuration once the cluster is running. With your OpenShift cluster running,  execute the e2e-deploy script. This will set up three projects (``secrets``, ``buildfactory``, & ``hccm``); it will pull the required imagestreams and build the container images for koku; once the container pods are built, the script will deploy the project.
```

> **Note:** If you are getting intermittent deployment failures that don't make sense, you could try increasing the memory and CPUs allotted to docker.

Reviewer: Let's offer up a little more direction on where they should look for failures.

```suggestion
**Note:** If you are getting intermittent deployment failures that don't have an obvious root cause in the pod's runtime logs or in the OpenShift cluster's Event logs, the most common reason is that there are insufficient resources to deploy all pods. Try increasing the memory and CPUs allocated to your openshift cluster or to the individual pods.
```
